Add docs for dataset.check_availability (#1064)
spiceai/docs: website/docs/reference/spicepod/datasets.md

      enabled: true
```

> ## `availability_monitor`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## `check_availability`
```

> Spice monitors the availability of non-accelerated datasets and emits metrics if a dataset becomes unavailable. Note that this monitoring process may trigger the startup of compute resources (for example, Databricks or Snowflake), potentially incurring additional costs. To disable availability monitoring, configure the `availability_monitor` parameter to `disabled`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Spice monitors the availability of non-accelerated datasets and emits metrics if a dataset becomes unavailable. Note that this monitoring process may trigger the startup of compute resources (for example, Databricks or Snowflake), potentially incurring additional costs. To disable availability monitoring, configure the `check_availability` parameter to `disabled`.
```

> - `default`: Use the default availability monitor for the dataset. This is the default value. Accelerated datasets will not be monitored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `auto`: Automatically check the availability monitor of the dataset. This is the default value. Accelerated datasets are not monitored.
```

- `disabled`: Disable the availability monitor for the dataset.

```yaml
datasets:
  - from: databricks:catalog.schema.table
    name: my_dataset

>     availability_monitor: disabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    check_availability: disabled
```
